[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [grunts]
[soft music]
[gasps]
- What could that possibly be?
It's a sword.
But it's gotta be
at least 300 years old.
- I think you're right! It is!
This is crazy!
What should we do?
[both panting]
[Kotetsu] Is your heart about
to beat out of your chest too?
- Yeah!
- Mr. Tanjiro,
you came here because you
need a new sword, right?
If that's the case,
then it only makes sense
you take this one!
- No, no, no, no, no!
That wouldn't be right!
- The steel they used
in the Sengoku period
is the best quality ever!
- No, no, I couldn't!
- But the only reason
we found it
is 'cause you broke it!
- That's just because
it took damage for 300 years!
And I just so happened
to be there training with it
when it finally broke!
- Are you sure
you don't want it?
- [moans]
- How about we pull it out
just to take a look?
- I thought you'd never ask!
Let's do it!
[both laugh nervously]
- It's rusty.
- Oh, yeah.
I guess that makes sense, huh?
It has been neglected for
the last 300 years, hasn't it?
Sorry I got us
both worked up for nothing.
- That's okay!
I don't mind at all!
- Whoa! Please don't cry,
Mr. Tanjiro!
I'm sorry!
[heavy thud]
[both gasp]
- What's that?
- [heavy thud]
[chorus vocalizing]
[gasps]
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
[heavy thud]
[traditional music]
- [grunts]
- [wails] Who's that?
Mr. Haganezuka?!
- No need to explain.
I heard everything.
Allow me to take it from here.
[Kotetsu]
Take what from here?
- [grunting]
- What do you think
you're doing?
- Just leave it to me!
- Please, let go of it!
And why are you trying
to take off with it, anyway?!
- Quit asking questions,
and leave it to me!
- You can't just show up
out of the blue
and say, "Leave it to me!"
That doesn't make sense!
- You just leave it to me!
- Not a chance!
This belongs to Kotetsu!
- Just leave it to me!
- You know, I came
all the way here to see you!
Where have you been hiding?!
- [gasps]
"Leave it to me"
means leave it to me!
- I asked you
what you meant by that,
'cause we have no idea what
the heck you're talking about!
- What part of "Leave it to me"
don't you two understand?
[both yelp]
- What kind of grown-up
acts like that?!
- Pay attention, boys.
Mr. Haganezuka's weak spots
are his sides.
All you gotta do is this.
- Tickle, tickle, tickle...
- [laughing]
- Hey, Mr. Kanamori!
- [laughter continues]
- Long time no see.
- Hey, long time
no see, Tanjiro.
- Mr. Haganezuka
always goes limp for a while
after being tickled, so I'll
do the explaining for him.
Please try your best
to forgive Mr. Haganezuka.
You see, he's been hiding out
in the mountains, training.
- Training?
- That's right. All in order
to forge you a stronger sword
so that you won't
be killed in battle.
- Ahh.
- But he'd never
admit that himself.
- He did that for me?
- All this time, you've been
asking Mr. Haganezuka
for another sword, right?
I'm sure it made him very happy.
After all,
he's always losing clients,
because most swordsmen
can't stand him.
- I never would have guessed.
- This guy's got about the worst
social skills I've ever seen.
- Huh?
- It's no wonder
he still can't
find himself a bride.
- [moans]
- [gasps]
- Oh, look. He's been revived.
- I shall take this ancient,
rusty sword into my care.
And by using
the Nichirin Sword polishing art
of the Haganezuka family,
I will surely be able
to restore it!
- Why didn't you
just say all that
from the start, you big dummy,
instead of repeating,
"Leave it to me,"
like some kind of maniac?
Well, guess that's
expecting too much.
- What the hell just
came out of your mouth?!
I dare you to say that again!
- Ulp! I can't breathe!
- [Tanjiro] Whoa, whoa...
- His sides! His sides!
Quick, go for his sides!
- Tickle, tickle, tickle...
- [laughing]
- Tickle, tickle, tickle!
Tickle, tickle, tickle!
- [panting]
[playful music]
- I'll be taking
this sword with me.
This one should hold you over
while I work on it.
[sentimental music]
- [gasps]
Oh.
Th--Thank you very much!
So, yeah, that's what
happened yesterday, see.
They say it takes
three days and three nights
to properly polish a sword,
so he'll be finished
the day after tomorrow.
I'm worried, though.
They say that polishing art
of his is so brutal
that some have died doing it.
- [shuddering]
- I know he strictly forbade me
from checking in on him,
but maybe I should, right?
- I don't know!
And I don't care!
Now stop talking to me
like we're friends or something!
- Huh? Hold on,
you mean we're not friends?
- Not by a long shot, idiot!
Do I have to remind you
that you broke my arm?
Don't tell me
you've already forgotten!
[bone cracks]
- I remember
it being your own fault
because you hit a girl, Genya.
I had no choice.
- Don't ever call me
by my first name!
- These rice crackers are tasty!
- Want one?
- Damn you!
No, I don't want one! Get lost!
- Wait, that's odd.
Didn't you lose a front tooth
back at the hot spring?
- [snorts]
- Uh...
- You must
have been seeing things.
- Not only did I see it,
but I've still got it.
- You kept it in your pocket?!
What kind of creep
does something like that?!
- But you dropped it, so I
thought I'd return it to you.
- Have you
gone soft in the head?!
Get rid of that thing!
- Now scram!
- Ohh!
- [humming a tune]
- Like this, like that,
and then something like this.
Then I go like this, I... think.
I wonder why Genya's
in a bad mood all the time.
Could it be that's he's
just hungry and that's why?
Hey, I know! We should
ask him to have breakfast.
- Mm! Mm!
- You think
it's a good idea too?
We already soaked
in the hot spring,
so I'm sure he'd say yes!
- [giggles]
- I like Genya. I'd like
to get closer to him.
Man, braiding
sure is difficult.
But look! Now you've got
the same hairstyle
as Ms. Kanroji!
- [squeals]
[laughs]
- Hey...
Nezuko, doesn't the moon
look beautiful tonight?
- [squeals]
[crickets chirping]
[sandals clattering]
- [humming a tune]
- I might have soaked
a little too long tonight.
I gotta get to bed
for my early shift tomorrow.
Hmm?
A vase? I don't remember
seeing anything like that
on the way up.
Who put this here?
Someone could trip on this
and get hurt.
- [groaning]
- [bones snapping]
[tense music]
[porcelain clatters]
[chorus vocalizing]
[porcelain scrapes]
- How horrible. How horrible.
I suppose I should have known
that a mountain
swordsmith's flesh
would be unfit
for my consumption!
But that's what makes it
so appealing!
If I can destroy this place,
then those Demon Slayers--
[laughs] will be without a place
to craft their precious swords!
- I must try to move quickly.
I must try to move quickly!
Thanks to Gyokko, we were able
to locate their hidden village.
- [tiles grinding]
- [shudders]
But that doesn't change
the fact that my lord is angry!
Quickly, quickly.
We must kill
every one of them.
Anyone who opposes my lord
must be eliminated.
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[crickets chirping]
[footsteps crunching]
- Eh?
Old man? You done?
You're not here.
Brother.
I have no choice
but to do this.
- [soft breathing]
[gags]
- Have you seen
the swordsmith named Kanamori?
- Oh, hey, Tokito!
Is something wrong?!
- Wait, hold on a second.
Did you just pinch my nose?
- Yes, I did.
And you took
far too long to react.
- No, no, I would have sensed it
if there were any animosity!
- Yes, but would you pinch
someone's nose with animosity?
- Sure, I know Mr. Kanamori.
What's wrong?
If I had to guess,
he's with Mr. Haganezuka.
- Kanamori's been appointed
to be my new swordsmith.
So where's Haganezuka, then?
- I don't know. Let's go look!
- Why do you care so much
about other people?
Isn't there something
you'd rather do for yourself
right now?
- Life has a way
of rewarding good deeds.
Oftentimes when you help others,
you're helping yourself.
I was planning to go anyway,
so why not?
- Huh.
Huh?
Hold on.
Repeat what you just said.
Say it. Say it.
- Huh? That I was
planning to go anyway?
Ow!
- [grunting]
- I'm glad to see
you're awake, Nezuko.
That hurt.
[Nezuko grunting]
- Huh.
[peaceful music]
- Let's go see Mr. Haganezuka.
- [grunting]
- This girl is certainly
an odd creature, isn't she?
- What?! What do you mean?!
- Well, I just get this feeling.
Let's see. How do I explain?
I get the feeling
that I've met this girl before.
Was she like this
when I met her?
- How should I put it?
- Hmm?
- [nervous chuckle]
Hmm.
[Tokito] Hmm.
[Nezuko] Hmm.
- Hmm?
Is someone else here?
- It seems like it.
[ominous music]
- [shudders]
[weeping]
[heart beats]
- [crying]
- [Tanjiro] Wh--What is that?
Is it a demon?
What is a demon doing here?
I didn't notice him
until I saw him.
There's no doubt.
This demon's an Upper Rank!
[thrilling music]
- Mist Breathing...
Fourth Form...
Shifting Flow Slash.
[Hantengu whimpers]
[singers vocalizing]
[whimpers]
- He's quick.
I couldn't take him out.
- Please stop it!
Please stop tormenting me.
It hurts!
- Don't lose your nerve!
This demon is a mass murderer!
Otherwise, he wouldn't have
been able to dodge that attack!
Hinokami Kagura...
[thrilling music]
Sunflower Thrust!
[bones creaking]
- [whimpering]
- Did I get him?
Why isn't he fighting back?
Is he not Upper Rank?
[singers vocalizing]
- [grunts]
- [gags]
[whimpers]
- Nezuko! Don't transform here!
Your demon form is advancing!
- [gasps]
[squeals]
I've been decapitated!
- He decapitated him!
And so fast! But...
Upper Ranks don't
always die so easily,
even if you behead them.
Tokito, stay focused!
[chorus vocalizing]
[ominous music]
He split in two!
One of them grew a head,
while the other
grew out a body!
I'll take this one!
If we can
strike them simultaneously!
[Nezuko grunts]
- Nezuko!
Tokito!
[dramatic music]
[Nezuko growls]
- [laughs]
Hey, now! This is pretty fun!
Did you see how far
that pipsqueak went flying?
Huh? Did you, Sekido?
- There's nothing fun
about this.
All I'm feeling
is uncontrollable rage.
Karaku, I despise
being lumped in with you.
- [slurps]
Ah, is that right?
Well, good thing
we got separated, then!
- Again?
Are we going
to have to behead
two of them at once again?
- [growls]
- [groans]
What is... this?
- [jingling]
- It must be that staff!
This is bad.
I'm about to...
lose consciousness.
Someone's on the--
on the roof?
[dramatic music]
Genya.
[groans]
[both gag]
- What is that? A gun?
If it is, why does it have
the same scent
as a Nichirin Sword?
- I must have missed
one of them.
- [laughs]
This is even more fun
and entertaining than I thought.
- I've never been hit with
an attack that felt like that!
- Genya, wait!
No matter what you do,
this demon...
can't be killed!
It'll only end up multiplying!
It gets younger and stronger!
They're counting on us
beheading them!
- [chuckles]
- It's like this demon doesn't
care about being decapitated.
Meaning its vital spot
isn't its head!
It's splitting into four
and regenerating!
Is there a pattern?
Which part heals up first?
It has to have
some kind of weakness!
Find it!
Figure it out!
What is it?
[gasps]
I thought it split up
into four demons.
[yelps]
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
This makes my heart sing!
It's been so long
since I was last split off!
- This demon can fly!
All four of them
must have different powers!
Nezuko, forget about me!
Try and help Genya!
[gasps]
- [gags]
- You're so weak,
it's almost sad, really.
- [gasping]
- [screams]
- [Tanjiro] Genya!
Nezuko, save him!
You have to try
and save Genya! Hurry!
- [grunts]
- You must be pretty confident
to be worrying about
someone else right now.
- [gasps]
- [inhales]
- Hinokami Kagura!
- [shrieks]
- [screams]
- [shriek warbles]
[laughs]
Not bad. This is turning out
to be quite the delight!
[leaves rustling]
- Grab onto a branch! A branch!
[groaning]
[ears ringing]
Get up right now!
Get on your feet!
The villagers are in danger.
I have to protect them!
Damn it. My body's gone numb.
I can't hear anything, either!
- [groans]
- [ears ringing]
[gasps]
[ominous music]
- [inhaling]
[tense music]
[singers vocalizing]
- I got blasted
quite a distance.
I've got to get back quickly.
- [panting]
- [growling]
[Tokito]
A demon and a child.
Unfortunately,
as a swordsmith,
the child is still unseasoned.
Therefore saving him
is a low priority.
Judging by its presence,
that's not the main body,
but something
generated by a spell.
- [screams]
[grunting]
- There's no reason
to stop and fight it now.
If the entire village
is under attack,
then the village chief
comes first.
Those with
greater skills and talents
are my top priority to protect.
- [yelling]
- [growling]
- My objective is to annihilate
that Upper Rank demon
and protect the village
at all costs.
- [snarls]
- Saving an inexperienced
budding swordsmith
won't amount to any--
- Life has a way
of rewarding good deeds.
Often when you help others,
you're helping yourself
- [gasps]
- [groaning]
- [snarls]
[gags]
- [moans]
[traditional music]
[gasps]
- Run.
- It's you.
[dramatic music]
- Run for it before you
get in my way even more.
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- A demon showed up
while Mr. Haganezuka
was off working on your sword,
but are you all right?
- Mm. Thankfully,
Mr. Haganezuka
forged this for me.
It's good to see
Mr. Haganezuka hasn't changed!
- If he did, it wouldn't
be for the better! [laughs]
- Now it's time
for a Taisho-era secret!
Mr. Haganezuka has wind chimes
on his umbrella,
because he really likes
wind chimes!
And when he was little,
every time he threw a tantrum,
the grownups around him
would play wind chimes
to try and quiet him down.
Wow, I didn't know that.
- This is for you, Mr. Tanjiro.
- If you think
something like a wind chime
will put me in a better mood,
you couldn't be more wrong!
- [roaring]
- [both] Chime, chime, chime!
- Stop treating me like a child!
[both] Chime, chime, chime!
- Up Next, Episode 4,
"Thank You, Tokito."
Have you calmed down now?
- I said I'm not a child!
[both] Chime, chime, chime!